My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
The mouse was so hungry he ran across the kitchen floor without even looking for humans.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
The door slammed down on my hand and I screamed like a little baby.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
The mailbox was bent and broken and looked like someone had knocked it over on purpose.
I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
My bandaid wasn't sticky any more so it fell off on the way to school.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
I was so scared to go to a monster movie but my dad said he would sit with me so we went last night.
Your mom is so nice she gave me a ride home today.
I fell in the mud when I was walking home from school today.
This dinner is so delicious I can't stop eating.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
I went to the dentist the other day and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
The box was small and wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
My dad is so funny that he told us jokes all night long and we never fell asleep.
The camping trip was so awesome that I didn't want to come home.
Are you going to have a blue birthday cake for your next birthday?
How did you know that I was going to have a peanut butter sandwich for lunch?
That boy is so mean that he doesn't care if a door slams in your face or if he cuts in line.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
I got my haircut today and they did it way too short.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
The dog was so tired he fell asleep on the way to his doghouse.
My mom drives a green jeep and my dad drives a black truck.|
Your sister is my best friend because she always shares her treats with me.
My pet Roger is white and fluffy and he loves to eat carrots.
Your neighbor is annoying because he cut down my trees.
The tape was so sticky it got stuck to my fingers and wouldn't come off.
My glass of water broke when it fell off the table.
The clock was ticking and kept me awake all night.
My dad told me that I was his favorite person in the whole wide world.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
The game looked fun but all the pieces were missing.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
I was so mad that I yelled at him at the top of my lungs.
My favorite dress is ruined because I spilled ketchup on it last night.
My home is bright pink and has yellow flowers growing all around it.
My buddy is going to pick me up after school and give me a ride to work.
I don't know where my list of friends went to invite them to my birthday party.
The gum was stuck under the desk and I couldn't get it off.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
The flowers smelled beautiful and made the room so happy.
My sister likes to eat cheese on her peanut butter sandwich and pickles on her ice cream.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
Her dress was blue with white and pink polka dots, but it was ripped down the back.
The puzzle took me so long to put together that I threw it in the garbage.
He was driving me crazy so I told a joke and made him laugh.
I started walking home and my feet got so tired I had to stop and take breaks.
I piled my books in my arms and then they fell all over the floor.
The dog chased the cat around the block 4 times.
My lunch box had a peanut butter sandwich, crackers, juice, and a cheese stick in it.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
